README.md, before:

# Hidden Classics Pavilion RPG

## A text-based RPG 

**Project Overview:**
*Hidden Classics Pavilion*, is a simple role-playing game with adventure elements. 
The basic mechanics of the game involves the navigation of a player through a storyline with the goal of collecting a variety of remnant texts.
Obstacles are in the way blocking the user's end goal as the user will have to deal with challengers along their journey.


**Application Usage:**
- The application will allow a user to explore a storyline with relative freedom in the selection of options.
- The application is at first text-based which will then (hopefully) be converted to a 3D overhead and open-world style movement for the player.
- It is meant to allow users to enjoy and experience an role play adventure.
- It will allow the user to interact with their character stats, inventory, and other characters.
- Users will have to cope with challengers along the way which involve a turn-based battle sequence.

**Target User(s):**
- Idle individuals
- The TA marking this

**Why this project:**
This project was chosen because of the interest in creating a functional RPG using object oriented programming. The goal is to surpass a simple text-based project with more interesting and involved mechanics for the end user.

## User Stories

**Phase 1**:*End-user*
- As the user, I want to be able to create a character with a specific name and choose a character class. [completed]
- As the user, I want to be able to view, add to, and remove from my item inventory.
- As the user, I want to be be able to use items in my inventory.



- As the user, I want to be able to view my stats.
- As the user, I want to be able to view the in game shop and my balance.
- As the user, I want to be able to make purchases.

- As the user, I want to be able to select a text in my collection and read its contents.

- As the user, I want to be able to make purchases.
- As the user. I want to be able to select options to progress the story.

- As the user, I want to be able to collect texts and add it to my collection of texts.

Commit message:

Added methods to GamePanel to display Inventory Items Added methods to new class, GameObjects to allow for game item objects (not in inventory to be claimed)

README.md, after:

# Hidden Classics Pavilion RPG

## A text-based RPG 

**Project Overview:**
*Hidden Classics Pavilion*, is a simple role-playing game with adventure elements. 
The basic mechanics of the game involves the navigation of a player through a storyline with the goal of collecting a variety of remnant texts.
Obstacles are in the way blocking the user's end goal as the user will have to deal with challengers along their journey.


**Application Usage:**
- The application will allow a user to explore a storyline with relative freedom in the selection of options.
- The application is at first text-based which will then (hopefully) be converted to a 3D overhead and open-world style movement for the player.
- It is meant to allow users to enjoy and experience an role play adventure.
- It will allow the user to interact with their character stats, inventory, and other characters.
- Users will have to cope with challengers along the way which involve a turn-based battle sequence.

**Target User(s):**
- Idle individuals
- The TA marking this

**Why this project:**
This project was chosen because of the interest in creating a functional RPG using object oriented programming. The goal is to surpass a simple text-based project with more interesting and involved mechanics for the end user.

## User Stories

**Phase 1**:*End-user*
- As the user, I want to be able to create a character with a specific name and choose a character class. [completed]
- As the user, I want to be able to obtain a starter item and have it automatically added into my inventory.

- As the user, I want to be able to view, add to, and remove from my item inventory.
- As the user, I want to be be able to use items in my inventory.

For Phase 2: Add initial text selection and starter text, abilities, etc. Refactor character stats, starter item and inventory to read and write from txt file

Extra:
- As the user, I want to be able to view my stats.
- As the user, I want to be able to view the in game shop and my balance.
- As the user, I want to be able to make purchases.
- As the user, I want to be able to select a text in my collection and read its contents.
- As the user, I want to be able to make purchases.
- As the user. I want to be able to select options to progress the story.
- As the user, I want to be able to collect texts and add it to my collection of texts.
